This model of ours works on four (4) batteries, each of 12V and the total model works on 48V, and it generates a total of 26A of Current. The body is totally made of Iron metal. It had a motor of 900W which runs on this battery source, which runs to make the whole model working. It also has three Rubber tiers of diameter 3 inches each. It also had a speed controller, converter converting the electrical energy to different works like blowing horns, lamps etc. 
							This project of ours solving the problem in the sense that in today’s age to the growth of pollution level in the Earth, our model does takes the energy of Electricity and not the energy of natural sources like Petrol, Diesel and also that of Compressed Natural Gas (CNG). All these naturally obtaining energy resources when they burnt to air, produces many harmful gases like Carbondioxide, Carbonmonoxide, which is responsible for the growth of the temperature level of the Earth, but using the Electricity as an energy resources is a good thing as it doesn’t cause any harm to our Earth which is the only planet which has life till now known. So that’s why we have chosen this type of project to help our environment. To the addition, it is very efficient also as it is human friendly also as it gets start by only an Electric spark only and does not require any human power as like typical Bikes and scooters have a kick to start.  
				We are solving the solution by making it very much efficient to use and very much easy too. If we launch this model to market we will make this model very much cheaper in comparison to other vehicles which is running on Petrol and Diesel, so that every people whether he/she is poor or rich could buy it for daily use, as in India many poor people can’t able to buy vehicles due to poverty. So for those people we may make campaigns so that they can understand the needs of the vehicles and the way we have made it eco-friendly to the environment. In many parts of our India, poor people can’t afford any vehicles. They have to travel to miles for their needs. So this is our moto to solve the problem of needy peoples.
			We can give a better suggestion that if this project comes to patent, then this model of ours should be taken to any big prestigious mechanical company to make further changes to it, like changes in the model’s shape, efficiency, seating capacities, etc. further it can be made to any big vehicles so that in future every vehicles run on Electricity and not in Petrol/Diesel. This will not only save the environment from pollution but will also lead us to a better and advance future.
